1)After she felt herself deserted by her parents she alone in her grief, spent most of the time in her room by herself in the corner of the sofa, crying all day and gazing intently and fixedly at whatever her eyes chanced to fall on.

2)i am sorry i phoned you at the party, and embarrassed you in front of your friends, but we were concerned that you might not have a lift home and lose your way home

3)Because of the health issues i could not clear my engineering degree, looking down at the future , it worries me on the possibility of settling down. I really have no hope left in me.

4)He had hidden all of his feelings , he never shared how low he was feeling from inside.This even made him to say cruel things to people. He felt none of them were there to share his feelings

5)My mother passed away a few days back I did not want it to affect my health, but it lead to me becoming insomniac  so i I prayed to god to help me through this because i felt i will become very sleep deprived

6)I  cannot eat and i cannot sleep and i am not doing well in any terms, nothing is right. I cannot lead my life like this. I just want to run away from all of this. But it is too late for any change and the only way out is through!!

7) It is an unfortunate situation that has led to recession. Thousands of people have lost their job as well as their career. It is sad to see them without opportunities even after having decades of work experience.

8)Although the technology has been growing vast day by day and so do are the sophisticated equipments, the doctor could not be of any help for the child infected from zika virus. the parents tears were uncontrollable. 


9I am such a lousy secretary. My boss just keeps me because he feels sorry for me. Nothing I try to do ever turns out right. i become helpless about myself 

10) a thousand words could not bring you back  i know this because i tried.. neither could a thousand tears i know this because tears i know this because i cried, you left behind a broken heart and unforgettable memories

11) He was one of the most unfortunate people in the world. The whole village was tired of him, he was always gloomy, constantly complained and always was in a bad mood. People avoided him, because his misfortune became contagious. 

12) it isn't fair to tell us what to do and what not to do. too many of us aren't leaving the dreams, we are afraid of either our parents or society because of the pressure they put on us.